---
layout: post
title: "Random old extracts that I saved from various sources... "
date: 2020-03-01
---

We are imperfect creatures living in an uncertain world.

The angst of facing mortality has no remedy in probability.

One who misleads others in public may eventually mislead himself in private.

Regular running enhances endurance but does not improve technique without expert guidance.

What makes the experiencing self happy is not quite the same as what satisfies the remembering self.

Mistaking no answers in practice for no answers in principle is a great source of moral confusion.

I've never believed in risking what my family and friends have and need in order to pursue what they don't have and don't need.

As an imprecise abstraction of the internal state that cannot readily express the musings of consciousness, words can feel like a lie.

Thanks to our capacity to adapt to ever greater fame and fortune, yesterday’s luxuries can soon become today’s necessities and tomorrow’s relics.

We can never achieve perfect objectivity, rationality, or accuracy in our beliefs. Instead, we can strive to be less subjective, less irrational, and less wrong.

There must be a sense of same person according to which someone can remain the same person in spite of changing. Saying what this sense is, or what these senses are, is the philosophical problem of personal identity.

Make it about what you feel you must do and say, not what you care about and wish to be. Remember Talleyrand’s epigram for diplomats, “Surtout, pas trop de zèle” (“Above all, not too much zeal”). Then you will do great things. Then you will stop being your old, good-intentioned, but ineffective self.

I owe my ideas to the clarity of others, my courage to being with people who confront injustice with fearlessness, my hope to the persistence and resilience of men and women struggling to get themselves heard, my generosity to the poor family that shared its last roti with me, and my sense of well-being to the many who have supported me in life - Aruna Roy










